[Music]
Hearing the
gentle sound of the bell, great wisdom, Bodhi is born,
escaping hell, escaping ignorance, becoming a Buddha, saving sentient beings.
Namo, Lord of the Underworld, Bodhisattva, King of the Underworld, Namo, Lord of the Underworld, Bodhisattva, King of the
Underworld, Bodhisattva, Ksitigarbha. Namo, Lord of the
Underworld, Bodhisattva, Ksitigarbha.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] The
King
vows to send his sincere heart,
sending the Sutra with the incense,
fragrant throughout the Three Jewels, offering to the
Three Jewels.
Choosing to uphold the Dharma throughout life, doing good deeds,
together with all sentient beings in the Dharma realm, praying for the Buddha's compassionate protection. May the Bodhi mind be firm,
cultivating the
Dharma
steadfastly, far from the ocean of suffering and the source of delusion, returning to the
shore of
enlightenment. Namo, Incense Offering Bodhisattva. Namo, Incense Offering Bodhisattva. Namo, Incense Offering
Bodhisattva Maha.
[Music]
Namo, the Ten Directions of the Dharma Realm, the Ever-
Abiding Three Jewels, the Great Witness. Namo, the Original Teacher,
Shakyamuni Buddha. We respectfully ask all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy monks to witness and protect us. We respectfully invite all celestial beings, spirits, and divine beings to descend and protect us.
We, your
disciples from the Minh Pho
Thanh Son Dharma Center, in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies,
currently practicing at Ba
Vang Pagoda, today, March 21st, 2011 (Year of the
Ox), the family of devotee Pham Van Tuan, Dharma
name Minh Tue, whose father, Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, passed away at
6 PM on March 20th, 2011 (Year of the
Ox), at the age of 85. Following the Six Harmonies Dharma, and at the request
of the devotee's family, with the
permission of the monks of Ba
Vang Pagoda and the National Golden Club, and with the
assignment of our Dharma Center, we come
to the family's home in
Ung Bi City, Quang Ninh Province, to perform the
ceremony of placing the
body of devotee Pham
Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, in the four elements. We humbly
request the power of the Three Jewels, the vows of the
monks of Ba Vang Pagoda, and the power and merit of the Six Harmonies Dharma to guide the soul.
We respectfully request that if devotee
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri,
after passing away, is in the realm of
consciousness, he may return to the Pure Land.  In this Dharma assembly,
we also pray that, regardless of the
realm, the consciousness of our Buddhist devotee
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, may
receive the blessings of this ceremony,
relinquish attachment and clinging, attain enlightenment, and realize the impermanence of the four
elements, continue to cultivate Bodhi mind, and
practice the righteous path. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni,
offering incense to the supreme Dharma King, oh, the threefold path, unequaled, oh
teacher, teaching
throughout heaven and earth, the
benevolent father, the four kinds of beings, oh, the four kinds of beings, oh,
choose one
thought, completely eradicate karma, the three kalpas, praise and glorify, in countless eons, the
Buddha, sentient beings, the constant same, the path of
understanding, inconceivable, oh, laziness, let the path be strong, the
ten directions, Buddhas, treasures, radiant light, praise, oh,
before the throne, my image
appears, I bow my head and make my vow.
[Music]
My heart bows in reverence, Namo, the boundless Dharma realm, the
present and future, the Ten Directions, the Buddhas, the Dharma, the Virtuous and Holy Sangha, the
ever-present Lord, the Three
[Music] My heart
bows in reverence, oh, Namo, the
Buddha Shakyamuni, the future Buddha,
Amitabha  A Lặc Tôn Buddha, Great Bodhisattva
Manjushri, Great Bodhisattva of the Virtuous
Path,
Bodhisattva of the Virtuous Path, Protector of the Dharma, Venerable Bodhisattvas, Linh
Sơn Assembly, Supreme Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, [music] [music] Wish-fulfilling Jewel Wheel
King Dharani, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Great Bodhisattva, Great Vow, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Pure Great Assembly,
Bodhisattva
[music]
Wish-fulfilling Jewel Wheel King Dharani, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva, Maha Bodhisattva, Great Compassionate Heart, Dat Ditha, An Truoc Yet Ra Phat De Chan Da Mat Ni, Ma Ha Ba Dang Me Ro Ro Ro Ro De Sa Cha Truoc Ra A Yet Ri Sa Ga Hong Phan Ta Ha A Dap Ma Chan Da Mat Ni Thuoc Go An Bat Nac Ba Dat Bang Me
Hong, Namo Buddha, Namo Dharma, Namo Sangha, Namo Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Maha Bodhisattva, Great Compassionate
Heart, Dat Ditha, An Truoc
Yet Ra Phat De Chan Da Mac
l ma ha bat dang me ro ro ro ro se sac
cha thuoc Na a yet tri x hong
phan ta a an bat dap ma Chan da mac ngh thuoc ra h An bat Lac da bat dang be ho nam mo dat da da nam mo dat ma da nam mo sang ga ra
Nam Mo Quan Tu cai Bodhisattva Maha Sattva Cu Dai N Tam Gia dat Diet tha an truoc yet ra phat de cha da mat n ma ha bat dang de lo do do de sat cha thuoc g a yet ri sa gia hong phan
ta An bat dap
ma Chan da mat n thuoc g Hong An bat lac
dap
[music]
BT Nam Mo Buddha Shakyamuni At
this time we ask for the blessings of the
Three Jewels, of all the deities, of all the gods, of all the spirits, of
all the Guardian Spirits, so that
we may read the opening words for the consciousness of the
Buddhist follower and enter the body of the four elements
of the Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Chi Nam Mo Buddha Shakyamuni O, consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma
name Minh Tri O,
consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name  O
Minh Tri, the consciousness of Buddhist devotee Pham
Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, we are your fellow practitioners.
When we were still in
human form, we practiced together in the
Golden Cluster Club under the guidance of the
monks of Ba Vang Pagoda. We
learned Buddhist teachings and understood the impermanence of
our physical bodies.
Our family members are formed by
karma and destiny. When the karmic connection remains, we gather; when the connection
ends, we part. Today, at
this moment, our physical
bodies are decaying due to
impermanence. Our family members belong to the
life of our previous existence. Now, your consciousness
has transitioned to a new life, to a
new realm. We respectfully
request that when you were still in human form, you were a Buddhist devotee of the Golden Cluster Club, practicing at Ba Vang Pagoda. You took refuge in the Three Jewels, developed
Bodhicitta, and practiced Bodhi virtues. You
created merit and
blessings, offered alms to the Three Jewels, protected the
Three Jewels, and cultivated many virtuous and auspicious paramitas with
the Buddhist devotees of the Golden Cluster Club. With
all the merits you
created, you, your consciousness,  Buddhists will receive
great blessings, peace, and happiness. Currently, the
deceased's family members are also
relying on the Buddha's teachings and performing meritorious deeds
at the Three Jewels to dedicate the merit to the
deceased. Therefore,
may the deceased's family members diligently continue
practicing to receive benefits. On
behalf of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we
invite the deceased to join us in practicing our duties,
continuing to practice the Bodhisattva path and seeking the path to
impermanence. We also
dedicate the merits of the Six Harmonies of the Buddhists
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club to the deceased,
hoping that the deceased's blessings
will increase, and that the deceased's family will continue
their practice diligently and peacefully. May the
deceased awaken, relinquish attachments, and let go of the
illusory body.
Following worldly customs, we, along
with the family, will perform the funeral rites for
this impermanent physical body of past lives. We will then recite the mantra, inviting the
Buddhas to bless the deceased: Namo Joyful Treasury Bodhisattva Maha
Bodhisattva, Namo Ever-Awakened Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva,
Seven
Buddhas, Eradicating Sins, and the Words of the Bodhisattva, Kṣa-k ...
ha de da ra ni de ni a da de ty le me de
ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba l ba cau ha cau ha de da ra ni de li a da de ty le me de ma ha da de chan lang gat de ta ba ha ni ba l ba cau ha cau ha de da ra l de l a da de ty Le me de ma ha da de chan nang ca de ta ba ngau tha de da da ni de ni a da de ty Le Me de ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni B B de cau can ni de de ve nha the nay ra de ta ba ha ni ba ba de cau ha cau ha de da da ni de ni a da de ty he Me de ma ha da de chan nang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau de da ni de ni a da de ty Le Me de ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau de da ni de ni a da de ty Le Me de ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da da ni de ni a da de ty
Ni de ni a da de ty he ne de
ma ha da de chan nang can de ta ba
ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da ya ni ni
a da de ty Le My de ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da ya ni de ni a da de ty Le Me de ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ga ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da de da ya ni a da de ty Le Me de
ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da ya ni de ni de thi Me de ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau cau ha de da ya ni de ni
a da de Ty Ni Me de ma ha da de chan Dang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau de da ni de ni a
da de Thi
Minh Me de ma ha da de chan lang can de
ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da ya
da ni de ni ha Y le me de ma ha gia de chan lang can de
ta ba ha ra ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da da ni ni
a da de ty Le m de ma ha da B de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba l ba de cau cau ha cau ha de da da ni de ni a da de thi me de ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ni ba li ba de cau ha cau ha de da da de ni na da de ty h me de
ma ha da de chan lang can de ta ba ha ni ba Ni ba de cau ha cau ha de da da ni de ni
a da De ky
ma ha da de chan lang hat le t ba ha ni ba
Ni ba de cau c a de da ra ni de ni ha
C de ti de de de ma ha da de ch l can de
x B ha ni ba d ba de cau ho ha de de tam xuc dia de de ma ha gia de chan l
can de ta ba ha ni ba l ba de cau ha cau ha de da ra ni de l a da de ri me
Me de  Maha Da De Chan De X Ba
Ha Ni Ba Li Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Da Ni De De De De De Ma Ha De Ch La Can De Sa Ba Ha Ni Ba Ni Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni A Ra De Te De Ma Ha De Ch De Ni B De T Can Ha De Da Ra R De Ni Ha Da De Ty R De De Ma
Ha Da De Chan Nang Can De X Ba Ha Ni Da Ni Da De Ba De Can Ha Tau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni Le De Ma Ha Da De Chan Nang Can De Ta Ba Ha Ni Ba Ni Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Ra De Thi Ni De De Ma Ha Xa De Chan Nang Can De Ta Ba Ha R Ba R Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty R De De Ma Ha Da De Chan Nang Can De Ta Ma Ha Ni Ba Ni Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty R De De Ma Ha Da De Chan Nang Ca De Ta Ma Ha Ni Ba Ni Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De Ma Ha Xa De Chan Nang Ca De Ta Ma Ha Ni Ba Ni Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De Ma Ha Xa De Chan Nang Ca De Ta Ma Ha Ni Ba Ni Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De Ma Ha Xa De Chan Nang Ca De Ta
Ni Ba De To Ha To Ha De Da
Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De
Ma Ha Da De Chat Nang Can De Ta Ma Ha
Ni Da De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De
Ma Ha Da De Chan Lang Can De
Ta Ba Ha Ni Ba Ni De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ha Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De Ma Ha Xa De Chan Nang Can De Ta Ba Ha Ra Ba De Cau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha D De Ty Ni De De Ma
Ha Ma Ha Da De
Chan Nang Can De Ta Ma Ha Ni Ba Ni Ba De Cau Ha Cau Ha De Da Ra Nii De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De Ma Ha Da De Chan Nang Can De Ra Ma Ha Ni Ba De To A To Ha De Da Ra Da Ra R De Ni
Ha Da De Ty Ni De De Ma Ha Da De Chan Nang Can De X Ba Ha
Ni B Do Ba De Cau Ha Tau Ha De Da Ra Ni De Ni Ha Da De Ty Ni De De Ma Ha Da De Chan
Lăng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Ni Đế Ni Ha Đế T Ni Đế Đế
Ma Ha Đế Chân Lăng C Đế Ta Ha Bà Bà Đế Đ Đế Ni Ha Đế T Đế Đế Ma Ha Đế Ch Nng
C Đế Ta M Ha Ni Bà Ni Bà Đà Đế Đế Cần Đế Ni B Đế Cần Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Ni Đế Ni Ha Đế T Ni Đế Đế Ma Ha Dà Đế Chân Lăng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Bà Ni Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Ni Đế Ni Ha Ra Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Đế Ma Ha Dà Đế Chân Năng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha R Bà R Bà Đế Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra R Đế Ni Ha Da Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Đế
Ma Ha Ma Ha Dà Đế Chân Năng Càn Đế
Ta M Ha Ni B Ni Đế Đà Ra Ni Đế Ni Ha Da Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Đế
Ma Ha Xà Đế Chân Năng Càn Đế R T T Ha R Đà T Ma Ha Dà Đế Chân Năng Càn Đế R M T Ma Ha Ni Da Đế Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Ni Đế Ni Ha Da Đế
Tỳ Ni  Lế Đế Maha Dà Đế Chân Lăng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Bà Ni Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ha Ni Đế Ni Ha Ra Đế Thỳ Ni Đế Đế Maha Xà Đế Chân Lăng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha R Bà R Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra R Đế Ni Ha Da Đế Tỳ R Đế Đế Maha Dà Đế Chân Năng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Bà Ni Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Đế Ni Ha Da Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Đế Maha Xà Đế Chân Năng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Ra Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Đ Đế H Ha Da Đế Tỳ R Đế Lế Maha Dà Đế Chân Năng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Ra Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Ni Đế Ni Ha Da Đế Tỳ Ni Lế Đế Maha Dà Đế Chân Lăng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Bà Ni Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ha Ni Đế Ni Ha Ra Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Đế Maha Xà Đế Chân Lăng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Bà Ni Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ha Ni Đế Ni Ha Ra Đế Tỳ Ni Đế Đế Maha Xà Đế Chân Lăng Càn Đế Ta Bà Ha Ni Bà Ni Bà Đế Cầu Ha Cầu Ha Đế Đà Ra Đế Ni Ha Da Đế Tỳ Ni
The whole family kneels
before the funeral altar to perform the funeral rites.
Three flowers and three incense sticks are given to
three people, and the rest are offered
incense by the family. If anyone has
knee pain, they can kneel low.
Those who don't have knee pain can kneel higher.
[Music]
Namo Great Pure Savior, Enlightened One, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo Great Pure Nine-Battalion Enlightened One, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo Great Pure Nine-Battalion Enlightened One, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, boundless compassion, unfathomable,
saves from the path of delusion. Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, with his majestic nature, opens the way to
hell, illuminating all suffering and pain. His light saves the Underworld, his Dharma power, his sail of wisdom, his ship
guiding the high spirit, his torch of wisdom, radiating
everywhere, his radiant light. Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, the Great Vow of the Guide, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, the Great Vow of the
Guide, Ksitigarbha
Bodhisattva. Namo Guide  The Great Vow Master
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, the Lord of the Underworld, the Great Master
Ksitigarbha, with boundless compassion and skillful means, served the
Buddhas of the past, promoting virtue and
cultivating merit in the present, saving those lost in delusion. His manifestation as the Bodhisattva of Compassion and Light
penetrates the path to salvation. His radiant wisdom illuminates the
darkness, guiding sentient beings
to the gate of enlightenment, freeing them from suffering and the cycle of birth and death, leading them to Nirvana and liberation. Now, in
Vietnam, Quang Linh province, the family of Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name Minh Tue, respectfully invokes the consciousness of the Buddha-nature, the Buddha-nature, the Buddha-nature, the eternal abiding in the cycle of birth and death, the cycle of rebirth, Nirvana, and liberation. Now, in Vietnam, Quang
Linh province, the family of Pham Van Tuan, Dharma
name Minh Tue, respectfully invokes the consciousness of the
Buddhist devotee Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri, who departed this physical body at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox). At the age of 8, we pray
to hear the sound of the bell and the words of the Buddha-nature. We respectfully offer incense and
flowers, and respectfully request one person to offer them. Incense and flowers are offered
here, and
flowers are offered here. We respectfully request
one person to offer them.  The girl returned to the
temple, offering incense and flowers, invoking the One-Minded ...
3 years of the year of the Ox, 8
years of
age, I pray to hear the sound of the bell, following the respectful invitation of the
Deputy Dharma Hall, to witness the
funeral ceremony,
offering incense and
flowers, inviting the deceased to perform the funeral rites, offering incense and flowers,
inviting the deceased to perform the funeral rites, the Buddhist devotees, Tam Ba [music] [music] Dear fellow devotees, this is a ritual
that the mind of the Buddha is observing, a model for all fellow
devotees in the Dharma Halls, so
now, after offering the flowers, it is time
for the distribution of the funeral rites. A
Buddhist devotee will carry the funeral scarf and distribute it, and the main officiant will stand and read. But here, because we are setting an example, our Buddhist devotees are not wearing mourning clothes, only black robes to serve as models. Now is the time to distribute the funeral rites. The Buddhist devotee will carry the funeral scarf and go out,
meaning the distribution is complete. After that, the
Buddhist devotee will return here, and
we will continue reading.
Meeting and
parting according to the law of impermanence, meeting for
so many years, sharing joy and sorrow, not enough to
repay the kindness. Now, parting, we do
not want to be separated, taking the
funeral robes to entrust all our gratitude, we take refuge in the
Three
Jewels.  The long brown robe symbolizes the bond of kinship and the vow of gratitude to the Three Jewels.
Though the heart is filled with compassion, the
Buddha's
spirit is blessed with
peace and tranquility, diligently cultivating the path to enlightenment and well-being. Namo Ever-Awakened
Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva, Namo Ever-Awakened
Bodhisattva Maha
Bodhisattva. This robe expresses the heartfelt devotion,
remembering the blood ties
before the funeral altar. The funeral ceremony for the Buddhist spirit.
Second ceremony
[music]
The family or Buddhist comes and takes the tray of food and
places it
here.
The family then stands up and pours water into
these three cups of tea to give to everyone. Three cups of tea are
enough. Now, two people
behind take the small cups of tea. Two people behind
take the large cups of tea for the person
in front. Oh no, that's the tray of food. Okay.
Three people: one person carries the bowl of rice in the middle, one person carries the cup of tea,
one person carries the cup of
milk, and three people above: one person carries the cup of
milk, one person carries the cup of tea to
offer the rice as a sacrifice.
Then, the whole family kneels.
[music] The rice is...
Still eating together
[with music] at
this time. Dividing the two
paths of demons. Offering with sincere hearts,
hoping for divine consciousness.
Knowing the true mantra: Namo Tat Pha Da Ta Da Pha Ro Tri De Tam Ba Ra Tam Ba X Hong Namo Tat Pha Da Ta Da Pha Ro Tri De Tam Ba Ra Tam Ba X Hong Namo Ta
Pha Da Ba Do Do Tam Ba Da
Tam Ba Ra Hong Transforming
Water Mantra: Namo To Ro Ba Ra Da Ta Ng Da Dat Dia Th To Ro To Ro Ba Ra To Ro Ba Ra To Ro Sa Ba Ha Namo To Ro Ba Ra Dat
Tang A Da Da Dat Dit Ta A To Ro To Ro Ba Ra To Ro Sa Ba Ha Namo To Ro Ba Ra Dat Tang A
Da Dat Dit Ta A To Ro To Ro Ba Ra To Do Sa Ba Ha Universal
Offering: A horizontal sun Tam Ba Pha Phien Nhiet X Hong A Ngan A Nang Tam Ba Pha Phien Nh Ho Ngan Ngang A Nang Tam Ba Pha Phien Nhan
G
Hong Toan The Tang Quan Tu. Offering
rice.
Offering rice up
here: one bowl of rice, one cup of water, one cup of milk.
Put the rest below.  There are
two bowls of water below, the rice is placed
here, and you can put it
down below. The
funeral ceremony is for the Buddhist devotees.
[Music]
The ceremony prays for the Buddhist devotees to have
enough to eat, for their consciousness to be at peace, to
listen to the scriptures and ask for the Dharma, to diligently cultivate the
mind and attain the great fruit of Supreme Enlightenment.
Namo Supreme Enlightenment
Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Namo Supreme Enlightenment Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Namo Impermanence
Enlightenment Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
[Music] The ceremony is complete. [Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Respectfully addressing all bereaved family members, the funeral ceremony is complete. Please
continue with the family's duties. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
We, the Buddhist devotees, gather before the Buddha altar
to conclude the ceremony of gratitude. [
Music]
[Music] Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We have completed the
funeral ceremony. We express our gratitude to the Three Jewels.
Expressing gratitude to the benevolent Dharma Protectors who
supported the Nam Mô Buddha Shakyamuni ceremony.
[Music]
K l